terraform/TF_3/README.md, before:

# State Migration Scenario

## BLUF
**Challenge**: Use Terraform to create a GCS bucket and a Pub/Sub topic in your project, then migrate your terraform state into the newly created GCS bucket

## Introduction
You will be using the GCP account that was assigned to you before this interview and Google Cloud Shell. You are not expected to run any of this code locally

Find and resolve any immediate issues with the provided terraform code. Your goal is to deploy a GCS bucket and a PubSub topic with a duration of `86600s`, then migrate the tfstate into the bucket that was created.

**Cloud Shell**
Please go to [Cloud Shell](https://shell.cloud.google.com/?hl=en_US&fromcloudshell=true&show=terminal) in your browser. If you are already signed into a Google account, we recommend that you make a new Chrome Browser login to ensure that you don't accidentally incure any charges in your personal Google account.

## Evaluation Steps

- [ ] Update the terraform.tfvars file appropriately
- [ ] Run `terraform apply`
- [ ] Verify that the GCS bucket was created [Cloud Console Link](https://console.cloud.google.com/storage/browser)
- [ ] Verify that the PubSub topic was created [Cloud Console Link](https://console.cloud.google.com/storage/browser)
- [ ] Add a new `backend` argument for the `terraform {}` in `main.tf` so that it uses the GCS bucket created in the apply [Example](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/settings/backends/gcs#example-configuration)
- [ ] Run the migration `terraform init --migrate-state`
- [ ] Make a Git commit with your changes and push it back to GitLab

Commit message:

Update the README's to reflect the new cloudshell magic link

terraform/TF_3/README.md, after:

## Terraform Challenge 3: State Migration

### Description

For this challenge, you will need to run the `terraform apply` succesfully and then run a `terraform init -migrate-state` to migrate the state into your newly created GCS bucket.
There is also a `terraform.tfvars` file this time so you don't have to fill in the response.

You will encounter some errors and need to write your own TF code along the way.

### Instructions

Change directories to TF_3 and get started. Work through the errors here, using any sources you would normally use. You will need to modify the code.

```bash
cd ../TF_3/
terraform init
terraform apply
```

When you get through the `terraform apply` you can start on the migrate by adding a new `backend` argument for the `terraform {}` in `main.tf` so that it uses the GCS bucket created in the apply [Example](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/settings/backends/gcs#example-configuration)

When you are ready, you can run

```bash
terraform init --migrate-state
```

Good luck!
